feat(component-store): added custom equal option in select (#3933)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/component-store/read.md

}
</code-example>

> ## Select equality comparer
> 
> Select uses `distinctUntilChanged` by default, which means that it will emit a new value only if the value has changed. It's possible to override the equality comparer by passing a custom comparer function to the `equal` property of the selector config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using a custom equality function

The observable created by the `select` method compares the newly emitted value with the previous one using the default equality check (`===`) and emits only if the value has changed. However, the default behavior can be overridden by passing a custom equality function to the `select` method config.
```

<code-example header="movies.store.ts">
export interface MoviesState {
  movies: Movie[];
}

@Injectable()
export class MoviesStore extends ComponentStore&lt;MoviesState&gt; {
  
  constructor() {
    super({movies:[]});
  }

  readonly movies$: Observable&lt;Movie[]&gt; = this.select(
    state => state.movies,

>     {equal: (prev, curr) => prev.length === curr.length} // 👈 custom equality comparer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {equal: (prev, curr) => prev.length === curr.length} // 👈 custom equality function
```
